### Question

Some people think hosting major international sporting events brings a lot of advantages to a country, while others believe there are more disadvantages. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

### Solution

Olympics games ，World Cup and FIA Formula are like magnet attracting eyeballs of the whole globe. Therefore，whether those events are beneficial to the host city or country has been in the spotlight.

Most supporters believe that there are a multitude of benefits for the host country. The city will be exposed under the limelight and then definitely attracts more investment to further boost the economic vitality. Apart from that，tertiary industry ，like tourism，will have great potential to develop into the supportive and inseparable part of the economy system. Also，local citizens will benefit from this event by participat ing in various related activities，such as voluntary engagement and translation service，so they will be better prepared to face up to globalization .

However，opponents hold that every sword has blades. Influential events attract so many tourists that noise level will rise all of a sudden，especially for those residents living in the neighhood of the stadiums. Besides，the social stability is another issue since some criminals might have cast their eyes upon those wealthy athletes. Definitely，their concerns are quite reasonable indeed.

Take what is mentioned above into serious consideration，in my eyes，those international sporting events are beneficial in the long run for the sustainability of the whole city as well as for the social welfare even though they have some temporary negative impacts. Security could be strengthened by the host country and noise level could also be lowered with the modern sound- proof equipment.

In a nutshell，every nation should spare no efforts in holding the global events that would greatly boosts their world influence.