### Question

Despite better access to education, many adults today still can not read or write. In what ways are they disadvantaged? What can governments do to help them?

### Solution

Be aware of the fact that education is popularized to a great extend, many people ignore the exsitence of illiterates who are experiencing numerous difficulities in daily life. Correspondingly, governments ought to take some measures to solve the problem in question.  

It is admitted that people who can not read or write are at a disadvantage in various ways. The most evident one is that they may find it impossible to recognize the name of products and to know the method of usage of them by themselves. For example, for the sake of longer expiration dates, producers tend to seal up the foods or condiments in certain packages, which poses challenge on illiterates who used to distinguish vinegar and soy sauce by olfactory sense. A worse case may be that when illiterates get sick, taking medicine is also a trouble for them because they may feel bothered with how to determine the dose of the medicine if they cannot read.   

Obviously, a few measures can be taken to address these issues. The most effective one is that governments can offer some financial support to found schools for adults who are inclined to be literate. In such schools, people in discussion not only can learn how to read and write but also can make friends with each other, exchanging learning experience, and ways to tackle problems faced in usual life before they have not mastered reading and writting abilities. Another solution is to improve sorts of signs, such as, guideposts. In other words, planners can add corresponding pictures to the characters, helping those who may have no chance to attend schools understand multifarious signs immediately.  

To sum up, people who can not read and write are under a large number of disadvatages. However, with the help of governments, their frustrating experiences can be reduced in the near future. 