### Question

Some ex-prisoners commit crimes after being released from the prison. What do you think is the cause? How can it be solved?

### Solution

It is reported that crime rate has been increasing drastically in recent years and some ex-prisoners may continue committing crime again after releasing from prison. This essay will discuss the causes of this problem and suggest some solutions to it.

First and foremost, there are several reasons why the ex-prisoner may commit crime again after their release. Previously imprisoned people often find themselves lacking social support and vulnerable to discrimination after being released from prison, which make these people with criminal records unable to integrate into society. At the same time, criminal background has greatly reduced job opportunities, because many employers are almost reluctant to appoint employees with criminal records, which makes them have no career choice. In addition, criminals have been in prison for a long time and lack professional skills, resulting in almost no job after they are released from prison. Therefore, former prisoners are more likely to commit criminal acts again.

 Effective measures should be taken to tackle this problem on both government and individual levels. On the individual level, I believe that criminals should take the initiative to receive various vocational skills training provided by the national government, so that they can integrate into the society after being released from prison. On the government level, the government should make efforts to provide prisoners with opportunities to receive general education and vocational training, and call on enterprises to accept persons with criminal records. This can be achieved by providing them with higher employment opportunities and greater social participation.

In a nutshell, although there are several reasons for ex-prisoner to commit crime again, I hold that this problem can be relieved by both the government and individual.