### Question

Some people think that older school children should learn a wide range of subjects and develop knowledge. But other people think that they should only learn a small number of subjects in detail. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

### Solution

In modern society, with the continuous increment of population, students, even for those young ones, face fierce competition. To help their kids earn a competitive edge among peers, some parents believe it’s better for the children to learn subjects related to various fields, while others hold that focusing on a few courses is the best solution. From my points of view, I lean towards the former.

It is true that children will get more ideal grades when they merely focus on one subject or two. One’s energy is limited, and this is especially the case for young teenagers who cannot master so much knowledge both psychologically and intellectually. By contrast, if they allocate much time on single subject, such as academic ones like math and language, and aesthetic ones like dancing and painting, they will be very likely to get much better performance in that domain than others. This specialty can help them get enrolled in a good middle school in many cases. Furthermore, many educational practitioners argue that older school children are not suitable to learn so much academic curriculums including physics and chemistry mentally, as these content are too hard to be understood by kids at that young age. As result, for the sake of kids’ near future, they should mainly focus on a few subjects.

However, the fallacy of the idea mentioned above is also obvious, and I believe school kids should try as many subjects as they can. Initially, no one, including the parents, could be completely certain about the talents hidden inside a child. Although the education only focusing on a few subjects is helpful for application to middle schools, this is definitely harmful to the discovery of the kid’s true talent, and could exert profound influence on the teenager in the long run. For another, as we all know, young teenagers are not so psychologically mature to concentrate themselves on one single subject for a relative long time as adults do. Forcing these youngsters on a sole subject not only leads to a decreased efficiency in learning, but also ends up with family conflict in many scenarios. By contrast, if children are allowed to learn as many subjects as they want, all these problems can be avoided from happening. Not only can children exploit their potentials in various spheres, they can also keep their mind sharp and learn the knowledge effectively.

In conclusion, although making older school children focus only a few subjects is beneficial to their near academic career, I believe only a wide range of subjects could ensure a promising future for the students, as long as the subjects are carefully selected and are not too hard to be understood by them. 